Add module limits explainer (#746)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/developers/reference/api/eth-sendrawtransaction.mdx

happening at the EVM level. These lines are grouped by modules and are used as inputs to the prover. 
In order to limit the resources required to generate proofs, limits are enforced on the maximum 
number of lines each module can have. Hence, when a transaction is considered for inclusion in a 

> block, a line count check is perform to ensure it conforms to the requirements. [Read more](../../../architecture/stack/trace-expansion-proving/prover-limits.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
block, a [line count check is performed to ensure it conforms to the requirements](../../../architecture/stack/trace-expansion-proving/prover-limits.mdx).
```
